five mistakes almost every new marketer
makes you're new to marketing you have
energy you have optimism and you're
hungry for Success so what can you do to
make sure all that energy doesn't go to
waste here's a hard step for you
courtesy of LinkedIn 95 of people fail
online lose money or never make a penny
from internet marketing that means that
the odds are against your success but
that's only because you're new and you
don't know much better
look
no one's perfect I've made tons of
mistakes so many I can't even count them
on both my hands and I keep making them
the biggest difference is that I know
which dumb or small or maybe big
mistakes to avoid and here are the top
five mistakes I see new marketers making
all the time mistake number one lack of
research Market Research Services
industry is growing fast from 75 billion
in 2021 to a projected
90.79 billion in 2025. if you do market
research you'll figure out what people
want see marketing isn't about doing
what you want to appeal to the ideal
customers you're not buying your ideal
customers are buying so how can you
appeal to them through market research
you can figure out what they like what
they don't what's appealing to them the
problems that they're facing and the
solutions you can prep and the key
wording that I just said is the problems
they're facing and the solutions you can
provide in your marketing if you can
address problems and then talk about
your Solutions you're much more likely
to win mistake number two poor branding
positioning do you know where your Niche
lies so many companies market products
without considering brand perception or
what Their audience needs brand
consistency can increase Revenue by 33
percent and it's not just only about
being consistent with the brand it's
about being omnichannel with the brand
you know one day I was in the Expedia
Canada office and I was talking to an
individuals named Tony who's running a
lot of their marketing and SEO and
Expedia owns tons of different brands
you know like Trivago or hotels.com the
list goes on and on and when I was
talking to Tony he's like did you know
what Neil when we went Omni Channel and
our brand was in not just one channel or
two channels but majority of the
channels and we're using the data to
optimize each of those channels
we were generating at least 10 percent
more Roi from each Channel I was like
really he's like yes even though people
are familiar with Expedia brand by being
omnichannel they did much better
mistake number three not paying
attention to repeat customers only a
five percent increase in customer
retention can increase your company's
Revenue by 25 to 95 just think of it
this way probably buy from amazon.com
you probably have bought for them
multiple times did you know that Amazon
makes the majority of their money from
repeat customers not new customers
that's the key in building a big
business there's only so many people out
there that you can Target and it's hard
to convince someone to buy from you but
what's easier than convincing someone to
buy from you is convincing them the
person who's already bought from you to
continually buy from you because you've
already gained their trust
mistake number four not using an
omni-channel approach 73 of customers
prefer shopping through multiple
channels so use the Omni Channel
approach use tick tock Instagram
Facebook Twitter SEO on Google SEO on
Bing paid ads on Google paid ads on
Facebook and YouTube and organic YouTube
you get the point you want to take an
omnichannel approach as I mentioned
earlier from the Expedia example they
saw a much higher Roi
stake number five lack of authenticity
88 of customers say authenticity matters
when deciding what brands they like so
what are the reviews what are the open
boxing you know those videos on Tick
Tock of someone using your product
that's what people want to see that's
authentic you don't need high quality
crazy amazing production to do well you
just need authentic stuff out there and
if you push that you'll do much better
now if you need help with your marketing
you want to avoid basic mistakes check
out our Ad Agency NP digital where we
work with companies all around the world
from smbs all the way up to Enterprise
and we won tons of awards for things
like SEO paid advertising email
marketing and even agency of the year I
look forward to helping you out